I am Matsuoka.
I have completed my mission in the East.
As planned, I have come to Tokyo safely.
During my trip, I was healthy and well.
My voice is a little hoarse today, but I am very well.
I met with the crew yesterday.
I was hoarse because I kept shouting for two hours.
I am relieved.
I knew that the war was only in Tokyo.
It was only a few days after I arrived.
I understood it clearly.
Both mission and necessity
are being shared to each other.
Our country has failed in trending charts and
in the system for particularly highThey are being shared
I want to suggest that the possible
In Berlin, Fiddler és out,maketwoman North 갈 acquired a
and in Rome, Allah servant Emmanuel iHyote.
In addition to 누가 and shu 싼 who led the ancient enlightened
link with groups of martial culprits,
the establishment of an influence
of the loyalistdrums,
the運 Harperbee mlnерь excellent
algorithms to separate secondary possessing
the
All shot killed47 executioners.
More than 10 attendances were called.
Both by theirsessions,
by others' landliliation,
by others' Czyn
and others by theirs dni thousands prayed during this time.
Thank you for watching!